>> Mathew DesLauriers: So to do that,
let's open up our code again,
>> Mathew DesLauriers: And
here as you remember we
have this radius value, and
instead of just using a gaussian
randomness, we're going to create
a new thing here called radius, and
we're gonna use random.noise 2D.
And we pass in the horizontal and
vertical coordinate for our noise.
You can pass in x and y which is in
indexes, but it's gonna be better to pass
in u and v because those numbers
are between zero and one.
So that's just gonna give
us more consistent results.
And this radius,
then we're gonna use that here.
>> Mathew DesLauriers: Whoops,
just like this.
And remember that,
>> Mathew DesLauriers: With Cavas2D if we
try and draw a circle with a negative
radius, we're gonna end up with a bit
of an issue, so what you can do is
either wrap this with Absolute, or
you can, that's maybe what I'll
do right now just to show you.
>> Mathew DesLauriers: And the other thing
to remember is that we had a very small
number, and now this value is between
-1 and 1, which is still small.
But we had before, we had multiplying it
by .01 or .05 or something like that.
>> Mathew DesLauriers: So
let's use a small number, like 0.05.
And,
>> Mathew DesLauriers: Now when you reload
the page,
you might see something interesting.
One other thing that I wanna do now,
is remove this deterministic randomness.
It was just to show you
deterministic randomness.
But what I wanna do, is I wanna get
back into reloading the page and
getting a random result each time.
And that's what I just did, is I just
deleted that line that said, set seed.
And so
now when I reload the page I end up with,
>> Mathew DesLauriers: Here we go,
this different sort of scene.
>> Mathew DesLauriers: I'm using maybe,
I can use a smaller number.
>> Mathew DesLauriers: And now we can
start to see that with our noise function,
it's still producing this randomness, but
the randomness is slowly changing
from one grid position to the next.
And that's gonna be really nice
when we start to do rotation.
That's what we'll do now.